WebDriver conformance release notes for Firefox 119 (#29792)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mozilla/firefox/releases/119/index.md

### WebDriver conformance (WebDriver BiDi, Marionette)

#### General

- When performing a `pointerDown` action with the middle or right mouse button pressed, the `mousedown` event as emitted by the related HTML element had the value of the `buttons` property swapped ([Firefox bug 1850086](https://bugzil.la/1850086)).

> - When performing a `scroll` action of input type `wheel` with an origin set to `pointer` an `invalid argument` error was inappropriately raised, whereby as per the current WebDriver specification this combination is currently not supported ([Firefox bug 1850166](https://bugzil.la/1850166)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- When performing a `scroll` action of input type `wheel` with an origin set to `pointer` an `invalid argument` error was inappropriately raised, whereas per the current WebDriver specification this combination is not supported ([Firefox bug 1850166](https://bugzil.la/1850166)).
```

Two nits I updated on the blog post: I don't think `whereby as` means what you expect here. And current/currently feels redundant, we should only keep one

Author: These suggestions sounds fine to me. Thanks.
